I actually love the idea of a gap year. I'll be honest. Um, that really
wasn't a thing. I think when I was going through graduate school,
it was just kind of one thing after another. Also, I personally knew
my own temperament, and I had a sneaking suspicion that if I stopped
my educational journey that I would not restart it. Um and so I just
did not allow myself to take any kind of break between any of my
programs. So I went right from my bachelors degree, to my master's degree
to my PhD, Um, but I do think that taking a gap year could be
really beneficial, particularly if you use that time wisely. Um, so
if you use that gap year to explore the field, like if you think you
want Thio, you know, do clinical psychology with Children, and you
use that gap year to like work with Children in some capacity to see
if this is maybe a population that you are okay working with. That's
a great use of a gap year. Um, I think you can use the Gap year to
take some more classes or do some more independent study learn more
about the field off psychology in the different areas within it, so
that when you do apply to graduate school, you're making a much more
informed choice that that you're and that's gonna help you really
select graduate schools or programs that are going thio be beneficial
to you. Um, so I like the idea of a gap here. I don't think that it
discredits the student at all, particularly if they could say, like,
this is what I like. You know, if you can kind of spin it as an intentional
gap here, I think that actually looks very mature. So I think
a gap here is a good idea if it's done correctly.